Fix reading empty (no-column) tables with the new ECSV reader (#19909)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/io.misc/19909.bugfix.rst

Fixed the new ``format="ecsv"`` reader raising ``InconsistentTableError`` when
reading an empty table that has no columns. Such tables are now read from the

> header metadata alone, matching the legacy ``format="ascii.ecsv"`` reader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the ``format="ecsv"`` ECVS reader to correctly read an empty table that has
no columns. Previously this was raising an ``InconsistentTableError``. The legacy
``format="ascii.ecsv"`` ECSV reader was already handling this case correctly.
```
